1. Dataset Description. What data did you collect? From where? How many records? What are the columns/fields?
My data collected a books from the website that was provided. It collected 60 books (20books per page; 3 pages). It then was able to put these books into a database
that then allowed me to do some analyses and find the most/least expensive books. I was also able to find the average price of all of them and then also group
the average price according to the rating that the books were given. 

2. Pipeline Description. Walk through each step of your pipeline: what does each function do? How do the pieces connect?
My pipeline is a little complicated but will make sense when I explain it. The first function that is called is, scrape_books(3). 
This goes to the function that goes through each page of the website that is found by using the fetch_url(url) function, and scrapes every book on that website. It uses the html to find 
the title, price, and rating of each book. This is then stored as a dictionary and appended to a list of books. 
I then made sure to have a timer so that i am not scraping the website a lot in a short amount of time. I then return this list of books that 
was created and go to my next function: store(books). This function goes through each book in the list and strips the $ sign on the pricing. 
html had the ratings weird so I made a dictionary of each rating and then found the numeric value of ratings instead of just the string by using RATING_WORDS dictionary.
I then checked if the book already existed inside of the database. If it doesn't, I add the book to the database by using the class Book(Model). This then makes a database that is important and used 
for analyses. During this whole process, I am counting how many new books there were added to the database and then I print that message out just so the user understands how many new books were added.
after this I analyze the df and use this functtion to find the min/max and average values. 
I then visualize this df and make a table of this dataframe.  

3. Findings. What did your analysis reveal? Reference your groupby results and chart. What was surprising or interesting?
I really liked the graph that was made. I thought it was interesting that on average, the highest rated books are not the most expensive books. I though that was really interesting and it could be because of the lack
of 5 star reviewed books. I also just think it is so cool that we were able to parse through a website and extract information that can be analyzed. 

4. Ethical Considerations. How did you ensure your data collection was ethical? Did you check robots.txt? Did you use rate limiting? Are there any concerns about the data you collected?
To ensure my data collection was ethical, I used a timer so that it would not crash the server when i kept on parsing through the website to get data.
I also made sure to choose the option on the homework assignment that you already told me was ethical. This was very nice and helped me feel safe as I parsed through the website. 

5. Limitations. What are the limits of your analysis? What would you do differently with more time?
I can only go through the first three pages of the website. I noticed on the website that there are fifty pages. I just went through the first three so that I could get accurage and informative information.
I was thinking how hard and long it would take to actually go through all of the fifty pages. But i also know that doing so would provide way more accurate and gruanular data. And if for some reason
their url changes, my program is not going to work and will have to need some adjustments so that the website works. My anayles only finds a few values, but it could find a lot more information about category of book,
genre, and other metrics that could be cool and worth trying. 